1.	Introduction

Mumbai is the financial capital and most densely populated city of India. Being a crowded city, people likely to spend most of their leisure time at malls for shopping and food 
and theaters for watching movies. Based on the current numbers of malls/ theaters, I believe that there is a market for new potential malls/theaters for Mumbai.
 
Therefore, through this project, I am bringing a solution for the investors while helping them find new potential areas for constructing and opening new shopping malls/theaters 
in the neighborhood of Mumbai.
 
This project can help investors to find the new potential areas based on the two main parameters - 1) how many malls/theaters there are in the neighborhood and 2) what the 
population density is in that neighborhood
 
2.	Data Description

Mumbai Neighborhood Details: To start this project, firstly, I need Mumbai Neighborhood details that include Mumbai area name along with their Latitude and Longitude details. 
I extracted this information through Wikipedia.
 
Mumbai Coordinates Details:  I extracted Mumbai’s coordinates details through ‘geolocator’ library to plot Mumbai’s map
 
Foursquare API: I used the Foursquare API to extract the venue details around the coordinate of each area. I captured venue details in a radius of 2.5 km from the coordinates 
of each area and only considered venue details that area related to shopping malls/ theaters.
 
K-Means Clustering:  I analyzed Mumbai’s neighborhood using the K-Means clustering machine learning algorithm, computed the best K (number of clusters) for K-Means through 
Silhouette Score, and used Folium map to visualize clusters into Mumbai’s map. 

Mumbai GeoJSON details: I extracted Mumbai GeoJson data online and used them in creating a Choropleth map to create boundaries for each area in Mumbai’s map 

Mumbai Area Wise Population Density:  I extracted area wise population density details online and used Choropleth map to populate population density for each area 

Python Libraries: I used following python libraries writing my python code.
•	pandas & numpy :  for preparing dataframes
•	sklearn.cluster & sklearn.metrics : for K-Mean clustering & Silhouette Score
•	matplotlib & Folium: for plotting maps
•	geopy: for Mumbai city coordinates
•	json: For handling Geojson files
•	requests: library to handle requests
